change(release): Reduce the end of support time from 20 weeks to 16 weeks (#8530)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## Zebra 1.X.X - XXXX-XX-XX

### Changed

> - Adjust end of support from 20 to 16 weeks ([#8530](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8530))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We realized that a longer than `zcashd` end of support could be problematic in some cases so we reverted back from 20 to 16 weeks ([#8530](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/8530))
```
